All right great job on reaching challenge 6.
We're almost halfway. Now currently even though our website works when we navigate to the URL say
/about or /contact.
But when you click on to any of the links in the nav bar, all they do is take us back to the home page.
They're not yet linked up to the correct pages. In order to complete this challenge
update the code so that when we click on these links in the nav bar they actually take us to the correct
pages.
So when I click on about, it should go to the About page and contact goes to a contact page. And a large
part of the challenge is figuring out where to change this code.
So pause the video now and try and complete this challenge.
All right.
So the hint for this challenge is if we think about on nav bar
we've got some links up here and we want those links to go to the correct paths,
/about or/contact.
Now this nav bar comes from our header file. So that means the file that we need to edit in order to
change this is our header.
ejs.
That's more than enough of a hint for you to be able to complete this challenge and get our nav bar
working.
So pause the video now and try and give that challenge another go.